---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nomad_node Data Source - terraform-provider-nomad"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nomad_node (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nomad_node" "my_node" {
  node_id = "abc123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `node_id` (String) The ID of the node.

### Read-Only

- `attributes` (Map of String) A map of attributes for the node.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter of the node.
- `drain` (Boolean) Whether the node is in drain mode.
- `drivers` (List of Object) A list of driver information for the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--drivers))
- `host_volumes` (List of Object) A list of host volumes on the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_volumes))
- `http_addr` (String) The HTTP address of the node.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `meta` (Map of String) A map of metadata for the node.
- `name` (String) The name of the node.
- `node_class` (String) The node class of the node.
- `node_pool` (String) The node pool of the node.
- `node_resources` (List of Object) Resources available on the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_resources))
- `reserved_resources` (List of Object) Resources reserved on the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reserved_resources))
- `scheduling_eligibility` (String) The scheduling eligibility of the node.
- `status` (String) The status of the node.
- `status_description` (String) The status description of the node.

<a id="nestedatt--drivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drivers`

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (Map of String)
- `detected` (Boolean)
- `healthy` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--host_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--node_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--node_resources--cpu))
- `devices` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--node_resources--devices))
- `disk` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--node_resources--disk))
- `max_dynamic_port` (Number)
- `memory` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--node_resources--memory))
- `min_dynamic_port` (Number)
- `networks` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--node_resources--networks))

<a id="nestedobjatt--node_resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources.cpu`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_shares` (Number)
- `reservable_cpu_cores` (List of Number)
- `total_cpu_cores` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--node_resources--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources.devices`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `vendor` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--node_resources--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources.disk`

Read-Only:

- `disk_mb` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--node_resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources.memory`

Read-Only:

- `memory_mb` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--node_resources--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_resources.networks`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String)
- `device` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `mode` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--reserved_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_resources`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--cpu))
- `disk` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--disk))
- `memory` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--memory))
- `networks` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_resources.cpu`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_shares` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_resources.disk`

Read-Only:

- `disk_mb` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--reserved_resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reserved_resources.memory`

Read-Only:

- `memory_mb` (Number)
