---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nomad_acl_auth_method Resource - terraform-provider-nomad"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nomad_acl_auth_method (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nomad_acl_auth_method" "my_nomad_acl_auth_method" {
  name              = "my-nomad-acl-auth-method"
  type              = "OIDC"
  token_locality    = "global"
  max_token_ttl     = "10m0s"
  token_name_format = "$${auth_method_type}-$${value.user}"
  default           = true

  config {
    oidc_discovery_url    = "https://uk.auth0.com/"
    oidc_client_id        = "someclientid"
    oidc_client_secret    = "someclientsecret-t"
    bound_audiences       = ["someclientid"]
    allowed_redirect_uris = [
      "http://localhost:4649/oidc/callback",
      "http://localhost:4646/ui/settings/tokens",
    ]
    list_claim_mappings = {
      "http://nomad.internal/roles" : "roles"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration specific to the auth method provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `max_token_ttl` (String) Defines the maximum life of a token created by this method.
- `name` (String) The identifier of the ACL Auth Method.
- `token_locality` (String) Defines whether the ACL Auth Method creates a local or global token when performing SSO login. This field must be set to either "local" or "global".
- `type` (String) ACL Auth Method SSO workflow type. Currently, the only supported type is "OIDC."

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) Defines whether this ACL Auth Method is to be set as default.
- `token_name_format` (String) Defines the token format for the authenticated users. This can be lightly templated using HIL '${foo}' syntax.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allowed_redirect_uris` (List of String) A list of allowed values that can be used for the redirect URI.
- `bound_audiences` (List of String) List of auth claims that are valid for login.
- `bound_issuer` (List of String) The value against which to match the iss claim in a JWT.
- `claim_mappings` (Map of String) Mappings of claims (key) that will be copied to a metadata field (value).
- `clock_skew_leeway` (String) Duration of leeway when validating all claims in the form of a time duration such as "5m" or "1h".
- `discovery_ca_pem` (List of String) PEM encoded CA certs for use by the TLS client used to talk with the OIDC Discovery URL.
- `expiration_leeway` (String) Duration of leeway when validating expiration of a JWT in the form of a time duration such as "5m" or "1h".
- `jwks_ca_cert` (String) PEM encoded CA cert for use by the TLS client used to talk with the JWKS server.
- `jwks_url` (String) JSON Web Key Sets url for authenticating signatures.
- `jwt_validation_pub_keys` (List of String) List of PEM-encoded public keys to use to authenticate signatures locally.
- `list_claim_mappings` (Map of String) Mappings of list claims (key) that will be copied to a metadata field (value).
- `not_before_leeway` (String) Duration of leeway when validating not before values of a token in the form of a time duration such as "5m" or "1h".
- `oidc_client_assertion` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for OIDC client assertion / private key JWT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--oidc_client_assertion))
- `oidc_client_id` (String) The OAuth Client ID configured with the OIDC provider.
- `oidc_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth Client Secret configured with the OIDC provider.
- `oidc_disable_userinfo` (Boolean) Nomad will not make a request to the identity provider to get OIDC UserInfo.
- `oidc_discovery_url` (String) The OIDC Discovery URL, without any .well-known component (base path).
- `oidc_enable_pkce` (Boolean) Nomad include PKCE challenge in OIDC auth requests.
- `oidc_scopes` (List of String) List of OIDC scopes.
- `signing_algs` (List of String) A list of supported signing algorithms.
- `verbose_logging` (Boolean) Enable OIDC verbose logging on the Nomad server.

<a id="nestedblock--config--oidc_client_assertion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.oidc_client_assertion`

Required:

- `key_source` (String) The source of the key Nomad will use to sign the JWT.

Optional:

- `audience` (List of String) List of audiences to accept the JWT.
- `extra_headers` (Map of String) Additional headers to include on the JWT.
- `key_algorithm` (String) Algorithm of the key used to sign the JWT.
- `private_key` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for a custom private key to sign the JWT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--oidc_client_assertion--private_key))

<a id="nestedblock--config--oidc_client_assertion--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.oidc_client_assertion.private_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Specific 'kid' header to set on the JWT.
- `key_id_header` (String) Name of the header the IDP will use to find the cert to verify the JWT signature.
- `pem_cert` (String) An x509 certificate PEM to derive a key ID header.
- `pem_cert_file` (String) Path to an x509 certificate PEM on Nomad servers to derive a key ID header.
- `pem_key` (String, Sensitive) RSA private key PEM to use to sign the JWT.
- `pem_key_file` (String) Path to an RSA private key PEM on Nomad servers to use to sign the JWT.
