---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nomad_csi_volume Resource - terraform-provider-nomad"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nomad_csi_volume (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# It can sometimes be helpful to wait for a particular plugin to be available
data "nomad_plugin" "ebs" {
  plugin_id        = "aws-ebs0"
  wait_for_healthy = true
}

resource "nomad_csi_volume" "mysql_volume" {
  depends_on = [data.nomad_plugin.ebs]

  lifecycle {
    prevent_destroy = true
  }

  plugin_id    = "aws-ebs0"
  volume_id    = "mysql_volume"
  name         = "mysql_volume"
  capacity_min = "10GiB"
  capacity_max = "20GiB"

  capability {
    access_mode     = "single-node-writer"
    attachment_mode = "file-system"
  }

  mount_options {
    fs_type = "ext4"
  }

  topology_request {
    required {
      topology {
        segments = {
          rack = "R1"
          zone = "us-east-1a"
        }
      }

      topology {
        segments = {
          rack = "R2"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capability` (Block Set, Min: 1) Capabilities intended to be used in a job. At least one capability must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--capability))
- `name` (String) The display name of the volume.
- `plugin_id` (String) The ID of the CSI plugin that manages this volume.
- `volume_id` (String) The unique ID of the volume, how jobs will refer to the volume.

### Optional

- `capacity_max` (String) Defines how large the volume can be. The storage provider may return a volume that is smaller than this value.
- `capacity_min` (String) Defines how small the volume can be. The storage provider may return a volume that is larger than this value.
- `clone_id` (String) The volume ID to clone when creating this volume. Storage provider must support cloning. Conflicts with 'snapshot_id'.
- `mount_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Options for mounting 'block-device' volumes without a pre-formatted file system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--mount_options))
- `namespace` (String) The namespace in which to create the volume.
- `parameters` (Map of String) An optional key-value map of strings passed directly to the CSI plugin to configure the volume.
- `secrets` (Map of String, Sensitive) An optional key-value map of strings used as credentials for publishing and unpublishing volumes.
- `snapshot_id` (String) The snapshot ID to restore when creating this volume. Storage provider must support snapshots. Conflicts with 'clone_id'.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `topology_request` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify locations (region, zone, rack, etc.) where the provisioned volume is accessible from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topology_request))

### Read-Only

- `capacity` (Number)
- `capacity_max_bytes` (Number)
- `capacity_min_bytes` (Number)
- `context` (Map of String) The volume context provided by the storage provider
- `controller_required` (Boolean)
- `controllers_expected` (Number)
- `controllers_healthy` (Number)
- `external_id` (String) The ID of the physical volume from the storage provider.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `nodes_expected` (Number)
- `nodes_healthy` (Number)
- `plugin_provider` (String)
- `plugin_provider_version` (String)
- `schedulable` (Boolean)
- `topologies` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topologies))

<a id="nestedblock--capability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capability`

Required:

- `access_mode` (String) Defines whether a volume should be available concurrently.
- `attachment_mode` (String) The storage API that will be used by the volume.


<a id="nestedblock--mount_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mount_options`

Optional:

- `fs_type` (String) The file system type.
- `mount_flags` (List of String) The flags passed to mount.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--topology_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topology_request`

Optional:

- `preferred` (Block List, Max: 1) Preferred topologies indicate that the volume should be created in a location accessible from some of the listed topologies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topology_request--preferred))
- `required` (Block List, Max: 1) Required topologies indicate that the volume must be created in a location accessible from all the listed topologies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topology_request--required))

<a id="nestedblock--topology_request--preferred"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topology_request.preferred`

Required:

- `topology` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the location for the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topology_request--preferred--topology))

<a id="nestedblock--topology_request--preferred--topology"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topology_request.preferred.topology`

Required:

- `segments` (Map of String) Define the attributes for the topology request.



<a id="nestedblock--topology_request--required"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topology_request.required`

Required:

- `topology` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the location for the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topology_request--required--topology))

<a id="nestedblock--topology_request--required--topology"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topology_request.required.topology`

Required:

- `segments` (Map of String) Define the attributes for the topology request.




<a id="nestedatt--topologies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topologies`

Read-Only:

- `segments` (Map of String)
