---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nomad_namespace Resource - terraform-provider-nomad"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nomad_namespace (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nomad_namespace" "dev" {
  name        = "dev"
  description = "Shared development environment."
  quota       = "dev"
  meta        = {
    owner = "John Doe"
    foo   = "bar"
  }
}

resource "nomad_quota_specification" "web_team" {
  name        = "web-team"
  description = "web team quota"

  limits {
    region = "global"

    region_limit {
      cpu       = 1000
      memory_mb = 256
    }
  }
}

resource "nomad_namespace" "web" {
  name        = "web"
  description = "Web team production environment."
  quota       = nomad_quota_specification.web_team.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name for this namespace.

### Optional

- `capabilities` (Block List, Max: 1) Capabilities of the namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--capabilities))
- `consul_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Consul configuration for the namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--consul_config))
- `description` (String) Description for this namespace.
- `meta` (Map of String) Metadata associated with the namespace.
- `node_pool_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Node pool configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--node_pool_config))
- `quota` (String) Quota to set for this namespace.
- `vault_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Vault configuration for the namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vault_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capabilities`

Optional:

- `disabled_network_modes` (List of String) Disabled network modes for the namespace.
- `disabled_task_drivers` (List of String) Disabled task drivers for the namespace.
- `enabled_network_modes` (List of String) Enabled network modes for the namespace.
- `enabled_task_drivers` (List of String) Enabled task drivers for the namespace.


<a id="nestedblock--consul_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consul_config`

Optional:

- `allowed` (Set of String) The list of Consul clusters allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with denied.
- `default` (String) The Consul cluster to use when none is specified in the job.
- `denied` (Set of String) The list of Consul clusters not allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--node_pool_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pool_config`

Optional:

- `allowed` (Set of String) The list of node pools allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with denied.
- `default` (String) The node pool to use when none are specified in the job.
- `denied` (Set of String) The list of node pools not allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--vault_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vault_config`

Optional:

- `allowed` (Set of String) The list of Vault clusters allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with denied.
- `default` (String) The Vault cluster to use when none is specified in the job.
- `denied` (Set of String) The list of Vault clusters not allowed to be used in this namespace. Cannot be used with allowed.
