---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nomad Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# nomad Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) URL of the root of the target Nomad agent.

### Optional

- `auth_jwt` (Block List) Authenticates to Nomad using a JWT authentication method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth_jwt))
- `ca_file` (String) A path to a PEM-encoded certificate authority used to verify the remote agent's certificate.
- `ca_pem` (String) PEM-encoded certificate authority used to verify the remote agent's certificate.
- `cert_file` (String) A path to a PEM-encoded certificate provided to the remote agent; requires use of key_file or key_pem.
- `cert_pem` (String) PEM-encoded certificate provided to the remote agent; requires use of key_file or key_pem.
- `headers` (Block List) The headers to send with each Nomad request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- `http_auth` (String, Sensitive) HTTP basic auth configuration.
- `ignore_env_vars` (Map of Boolean) A set of environment variables that are ignored by the provider when configuring the Nomad API client.
- `key_file` (String) A path to a PEM-encoded private key, required if cert_file or cert_pem is specified.
- `key_pem` (String, Sensitive) PEM-encoded private key, required if cert_file or cert_pem is specified.
- `region` (String) Region of the target Nomad agent.
- `secret_id` (String, Sensitive) ACL token secret for API requests.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) Skip TLS verification on client side.

<a id="nestedblock--auth_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_jwt`

Required:

- `auth_method` (String) The name of the auth method to use for login.
- `login_token` (String, Sensitive) The externally issued authentication token to be exchanged for a Nomad ACL Token.


<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The header name
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The header value
